hi this is alia and welcome back to
cookingwithalia international edition
and based on many many many many
requests today we're going to make
Korean food with my friend Joyce so
happy to be here hi guys
hi oh yeah how you like to say hi in
Korean in Korean you can say on your
tail and yeah yeah it's pretty standard
awful yarn but for you annyeong if you
are well yeah that's good and so where
are we what are we cooking today we're
going to make a very simple dish you can
make it like a day in advance you can
make it that day
but yeah it's a beef yeah I have like a
really nice cut of meat here
pretty tasty mm-hmm and this is called a
GU bogie pool going we're making nice
food okey what does it mean cuckoo
Buki I guess literally translates to
Poona means fire and Kogi is just neat
so hire me
so fire me cooked meat cook me yeah I
like it
yeah it's cooked it's me bulgogi people
very cool buggy is that easy very very
easy we're just going to dump everything
together
wait and then cook it oh nice recipes
sure where do we eat this in Korea like
is it for lunch or dinner occasions um
it could be for occasions but this is
the kind of dish that's just great for
you know you could eat it even for
breakfast but usually lunch dinner yeah
it's like people make it at home and
make it at home you go to a restaurant
and have it it's very just everywhere
it's a very popular Korean oh I'm so
excited oh my oh by the way did you guys
my Karine imprint but everywhere I
already let this was a good yes this is
my first time this my friend a she
thank you a she how are you okay okay
actually mixed up bring another one yeah
okay so let's uh I'm full book if
they're shredded okay it's alright
that's it's done it okay so here we have
about a pound of this is a tenderloin
you can use sirloin actually you can use
any it's so thin exactly because you
can't see my face of it you yeah it's
just that's the point you can use any
kind of meat because it's so thin that
even if it's a very tough cut yeah um
it'll still be tender because it's so
good and if you can't get it very thin
that's okay because you just marinate it
for longer okay yeah maybe okay it's in
like thin slices not very thin and then
you marinate it yeah okay that's that
okay so first we're going to prepare a
few ingredients this is just one carrot
we're going to kill it
I'm gonna easy very easy okay so we're
just going to take a grater and use the
biggest holes right Wow nice carrots
here next we take a small onion and
we're just going to kind of make a puree
I use my weight in it with the really
small holes yeah so this is how it's
gonna look
yes it's like a puree of onions
basically mmm one more ingredients to
prepare the Kiwi Kiwi yeah guys there's
Kiwi in this meat yes the Kiwi is
actually really great for tenderizing
the knee Wow when you told me this I was
like really so they use Kiwi to
tenderize make meat so it's very soft
and it gives a little bit of sugar a
little bit of tartness
so yeah let's go as often let's do the
Kiwi now okay so we have our Kiwi we're
going to slice it in half and this is
like an avocado okay we're going to take
out the meat just going to I'll show
remove it with a spoon
yeah I'm just taking the skin off
and then you have this trick right yeah
we're just trying to get a little bit we
maybe need like a spoonful two spoonfuls
okay so let's do the marinade a first we
have the Kiwi and some brown sugar soy
sauce garlic minced garlic yeah mmm
sesame oil and then we have some onions
yeah then grated onion and then some
ginger powder yeah we use a lot of
ginger in Morocco yes in Korean food as
well and then you have some salt to
taste maybe like pincher too not too
much because we have the soy sauce the
soy sauce is very salty there's also
just a little bit okay and then the same
pepper just a little pinch okay and then
we are just going to whisk this together
good smells great it smells ginger and
sweet at the same time all of these
flavors are going to the meat and just
make it super super flavorful so now we
add the vegetables onions okay we graded
the green onion ooh and you got like
this funky mushroom look at this
shiitake mushrooms shiitake mushrooms
yeah funky mushrooms but you can use any
mushroom that you have or if you don't
have mushrooms you just don't have to
put them in and then we're just going to
mix it all together we're going to throw
in the meat as well YUM and look at that
and we're just going to get it all
together moroccans that hand-mixing just
to make sure the marinade gets all over
the meat and everything's really well
coated okay
well that looks pretty well mix oh
that's good so we just marinate it in
the fridge yes you can do it in the
fridge for like 30 minutes and I asked
you a day Oh
fit that you don't have to worry about
marrying it for very long
oh so you can't do 30 minutes where you
can make it the night before and then
cook it for dinner the next day sure
that's a perfect like easy dinner to
even freeze it and then cook it like a
month later oh you can freeze it too and
quick it later okay now I put it in the
fridge and then we cook it later okay so
this is what we have here after what's
it been like 30 minutes 30 minutes we
marinated it for 13 yummy yeah you can
see some of the sauce has started to
kind of gather and that's gonna be real
and the meat is like it tastes colors
and it looks like the spice is in mm-hmm
yeah it ate up drink up some of that
marinade yeah yeah so we cook it down
and it's good yep we're just gonna heat
up a skillet and it's very quick very
thinly sliced so it's not gonna take
very long okay cool this is it okay so
we're just heating up the skillet
throwing in some vegetable oil and then
in goes the Prugo ghee Wow the ceiling
has to be hot right yes you wanted to be
sizzling now me and this cooks very
quickly so you don't have to really
worry about overcrowding move it around
everything cooked so you can see that
it's cooking really quickly and almost
done and this juice here you don't want
to drain any of that best like a sauce
so keep some of the Judith here to sit
and when you put that on rice the rice
soaks in those juices and it's the
flavor it's just amazing yeah this is
basically ready but it's like two
minutes right it's very very quick and
you don't want to overcook it because
then the meats gonna turn top okay
so we're just going to transfer this to
a serving dish yeah it smells amazing it
only took like two or three minutes to
go it's clearly last yep okay so in
Korea we just take a little bit of
lettuce and put in some of the meat no
we have this like yes Korean toss this
is a coach's on you can use sometimes
done and just put a little bit probably
put too much this is a mess out here
that's a big piece you're gonna have to
maybe bite yeah one bite
okay so we're trying cooing women do one
bite Moroccan women then do two bites in
102 different ways here one bite at all
okay I'm going to do it okay ready one
two Oh mm-hmm
really good mmm mmm made a little bit of
a mess George this is so delicious so
thanks for having this so good thank you
so much for coming yeah yeah I'm sure
they'd love to ask you to come back all
over anyway
you're so cute thank you thanks I like
it how do you say Bon Appetit and Kareem
will say you just eat it
know the person eating tells somebody
else I'm going to eat this whoa oh yeah
go enjoy this bulgogi for you people
very well okay but F in G time focus
Sunita bye